in that I'm stuck in a nokia
820 wants to use westring forest
Coaching is a great feature, however
it works at 820 it with the
delivered becca what you are now
device has not been so easy for
it's a special skin cover that one
In addition , you can buy in looks
this hort cover is a plate seperate
which supports wireless charging
must now, however, these two
main characters okay now you have to
first the old one was the cover of
your device is best removed
catch the upper right corner of what
be careful so that the noses not
break away and now you can see here how
you can compare my two covers
that the most diverse in the
white cover you can not see anything and in the
floor cover you can see plate and
the wireless charging function and we
the red cover on your device on it
best catch from the bottom again until
be careful not to nose
abort, stop
everything closes properly at no
split pension well and now finally
now you just need the cink here
loads this and connect to the network
put the cable in the adapter with the
in socket and connects the other
end of the cable with touchscreen
The coaching works simply clarifies
hang up the green just hang up
Do one and see it up here too
in the upper right corner the
charging function
great is a great feature but
However, I want to tell you that you still
must be aware that this is the coaching
plate leap lies on the table
So always the device with nokia font
put it on top of the pie with it
induction can also work
many thanks stefanie more
Information in which is natural
there are many more in the near future
more tips and tricks on our
youtube channel ok until soon in x1